Add docs for Workspaces Settings > Policies (#358)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/policies.mdx

---

> page_title: Policies - Workspaces - Terraform Cloud

Reviewer: @tstormk Does this need to be it's own page? Will we be adding more content later? 

If not, a whole page feels unnecessary, and we could instead add a new section in the main workspace settings page (https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-docs-common/blob/main/website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/index.mdx) to cover this and be good to go as @hcrhall suggested. What do you think?

description: >-
  Learn how to adjust the policy evaluation experience according to your preferences.
---

# Policies

> Terraform Cloud provides two different experiences for Sentinel policy evaluations. You can adjust your settings to use the experience you prefer. By default, the newest policy evaluation experience is enabled.

Reviewer: Do we have a link to the new policy evaluation experience? As in, **how** does this effect a user's sentinel policy experience? Can we link to the Sentinel docs somewhere or provide an example?

Suggestions for style:
```suggestion
Terraform Cloud offers two experiences for Sentinel policy evaluations. You can adjust your **Sentinel Experience** settings to your preferred experience. By default, Terraform Cloud enables the newest policy evaluation experience.
```

# Toggling Between Sentinel Policy Experiences

> To toggle between the two Sentinel policy evaluation experiences, click the **Enable the new Sentinel policy experience** toggle under the **Sentinel Experience** heading. Your changes are persisted automatically.

Reviewer: Suggestion for active voice:
```suggestion
To toggle between the two Sentinel policy evaluation experiences, click the **Enable the new Sentinel policy experience** toggle under the **Sentinel Experience** heading. Terraform Cloud persists your changes automatically. If Terraform Cloud is performing a run on a different page, you must refresh that page to see changes to your policy evaluation experience.
```

> -> **Note:** If you have a run with a Sentinel policy evaluation open in a different tab, you will need to refresh that page in under to see the changes to the policy evaluation experience.

Reviewer: We try to avoid call outs unless absolutely necessary, so suggesting we add this sentence to the above paragraph:
```suggestion
```
